The general workflow of using ERmod with MODYLAS is parallel to
that described in the ERmod wiki page for the other MD packages.

The gen_structure and gen_input scripts are available
in tools/MODYLAS directory within the ERmod package distributed.
In the following, the directory containing
the gen_structure and gen_input scripts is denoted as "ERmod-MODYLAS directory".
Their usages can be found respectively with

   (path to ERmod-MODYLAS directory)/gen_structure --help
   (path to ERmod-MODYLAS directory)/gen_input --help


The gen_structure script runs as:

   (path to ERmod-MODYLAS directory)/gen_structure --mdff solution.mdff

where solution.mdff is the force-field file for the solution MD with MODYLAS.
User specifies his own force-field file with the appropriate path.
He is then asked the identification number of the solute.
After executing the gen_structure script,
user has two directories of soln and refs.


ermod run in soln:
After moving to the soln directory, execute the gen_input script as:

   (path to ERmod-MODYLAS directory)/gen_input --traj solution-run.dcd --stdout solution-run.stdout

where solution-run.dcd and solution-run.stdout
are the trajectory and log files from the solution MD with MODYLAS.
User specifies his own files with the appropriate paths.
He can then run the ermod program to have the energy distribution functions.


ermod run in refs:
After moving to the refs directory, execute the gen_input script as:

   (path to ERmod-MODYLAS directory)/gen_input --traj solvent-run.dcd --stdout solvent-run.stdout --flexible solute-run.dcd

when the solute is flexible or as:

   (path to ERmod-MODYLAS directory)/gen_input --traj solvent-run.dcd --stdout solvent-run.stdout --rigid solute.mdxyz

when the solute is rigid,
where solvent-run.dcd and solvent-run.stdout
are the trajectory and log files from the reference-solvent MD with MODYLAS,
solute-run.dcd is the trajectory file for the solute isolated in vacuum,
and solute.mdxyz refers to the structure of rigid solute.
The PDB format is also accepted for the solute structure specified by --rigid.
User needs only one of solute-run.dcd and solute.mdxyz (or pdb),
depending on whether his solute is flexible or rigid.


ERmod does not support FMM yet.
When an MODYLAS trajectory generated using FMM is provided,
ERmod computes the energy distribution functions by employing PME.
In such cases, gen_input needs an additional option of
      --mdxyz (initial coordinate of MD in mdxyz format)
It will then deliver a warning of
      PME will be used in ermod instead of FMM
and assign the PME parameters which are in close correspondence to the original ones in FMM.
